🌱 setup Trivy scanning for supported release branches (#7874)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/release/release-tasks.md

   2. Rename `v1.3.99` to `v1.4.99`.
3. Modify the test specs in `test/e2e/clusterctl_upgrade_test.go`.
4. Update `create-local-repository.py` and `tools/tilt-prepare/main.go`: `v1.3.99` => `v1.4.99`.

> 5. Update `.github/workflows/scan.yml` to setup Trivy scanning for the previous 2 release branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Update `.github/workflows/scan.yml` to setup Trivy scanning for the currently supported branches.
```
nit

> 5. Make sure all tests are green (also run `pull-cluster-api-e2e-full-main` and `pull-cluster-api-e2e-workload-upgrade-1-23-latest-main`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Make sure all tests are green (also run `pull-cluster-api-e2e-full-main` and `pull-cluster-api-e2e-workload-upgrade-1-23-latest-main`).
```
